c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\CarChooser.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\CarChooser.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\obj\Debug\CarChooser.UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\obj\Debug\CarChooser.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\obj\Debug\CarChooser.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\CarChooser.Domain.dll
c:\users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\CarChooser.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\ste_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\ste_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\ste_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\ste_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\ste_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\ste_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\CarChooser.Data.dll
C:\Users\ste_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\CarChooser.Data.pdb
C:\Users\ste_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ste_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Db4objects.Db4o.dll
C:\Users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Db4objects.Db4o.xml
C:\Users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\chromedriver.exe
C:\Users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Coypu.dll
C:\Users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\DataImporter.exe
C:\Users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\DataImporter.pdb
C:\Users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Coypu.xml
C:\Users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\CarChooser.Web.dll
C:\Users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\CarChooser.Web.pdb
C:\Users\ste_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CarChooser\CarChooser.UnitTests\bin\Debug\CarData.db
